hi everyone Derek Cooper here we're out
on course today and we're looking at a
shot with the ball above my feet so I've
hit the ball down the fairway I've got
about a hundred yards into the green
here baal-zebub my feet and I know that
the flight in the air is going to follow
the same as the contours on the ground
so that means that the ball is going to
tend to go this way if it was on the
ground up in the air it's going to tend
to fly to the left so I've got to be
aware of that when I'm hitting this shot
the other thing I've got to be aware of
is if i take my normal address position
with normal shaft length because the
balls above my feet the club's going to
tend to dig into the turf too much and I
don't want that to happen I've got to
make sure that I get solid contact on
this shot so what I'm going to do I'm
going to choose a target which is a
little to the right of the flag in
anticipation that this ball is going to
move a little to the left i'm going to
set up to the ball in my normal address
position and then i'm going to let my
arms hang where they normally would and
you can see that puts my hands down the
grip slightly and that's how i'm going
to account for the fact the balls higher
than my feet so i'm going to set up
there i have a couple of practice swings
so i can get that feeling of where the
club is going to hit the turf keep in
mind also that if i'm going to grip down
the club a little bit this ball is going
to fly furthest I've taken a little more
club than I normally would from this
distance I'm then going to set up to the
ball I'm going to aim a little to the
right let the ball leaked to the left
because of the lie i have and hid it in
the middle of the green
now I've got a birdie putt let's go see
if I can knock it in
you